feat:  add support for DbType::RocksDb (#998)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/providers/rocksdb.md

## RocksDb

RocksDb enables the establishment of a node and the preservation of the blockchain's state locally, facilitating its future utilization.

To create a local database, follow these instructions:

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/contracts/src/lib.rs:create_rocksdb}}
```

To utilize an existing database, follow these instructions:

```rust,ignore
{{#include ../../../examples/cookbook/src/lib.rs:use_created_rocksdb}}
```

> Please note that if the specified database doesn't exist, the provided code will create a new database at the specified path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Note 1: If the specified database does not exist a new database will be created at that path.
```
